IEEE ISORC 2018 CALL FOR PAPERS 

The 21st IEEE INTERNATIONAL SYMPOSIUM ON REAL-TIME COMPUTING (ISORC)
Nanyang Technological University, Singapore
Dates: 29th - 31st May 2018.
https://cps-research-group.github.io/ISORC2018/index.html

Important dates:
--------------------------	
New submission deadline: February 14, 2018
Acceptance notification: March 19, 2018
Camera-ready papers: March 26, 2018
Early registration: March 30, 2018

Main theme and topics:
--------------------------	
ISORC has become established as the leading event devoted to state-of-the-art 
research in the field of object/component/service-oriented real-time 
distributed computing (ORC) technology. The conference theme for 2018 will be 
decentralized time-sensitive computing and enabling software infrastructures.  
This theme will focus on both:	(1) Cloud infrastructures and 
platforms for time-sensitive computation and real-time computing 
(2) Algorithms and Computational Infrastructure to support complex 
social cyber-physical systems combining edge, fog, and cloud.

We solicit high-quality papers pertaining  to all aspects of ORC technology 
and especially those that are well aligned with the 2018 theme. 
Authors are encouraged to consider submissions with a practical orientation 
and validation related to case studies & applications in this area. 
The specific ORC focus areas include,  but are not limited to:	

* Programming and system engineering: real-time programming challenges, 
  ORC paradigms, object/component models, languages and synchronous languages.			
* Embedded distribution middleware middleware such as .NET, RT RMI, RT Java, 
  UML, model-maintenance, system of systems, time-predictable systems and hardware.	
* Distributed computing and communication infrastructures: real-time communication, 
  networked platforms, protocols, Internet QoS, peer-to-peer computing, sensor 
  networks, VANETS and V2V and V2I communication, trusted and dependable systems.	
* Algorithms for Real Time Analytics: clustering and classification approaches, 
  stream processing algorithms, real time decision tree generation and update, 
  real time machine learning, statistical approaches. Approaches related to 
  stream correlation and sampling.
* System software: real-time kernels and OS, middleware support for ORC, 
  QoS management, extensibility, synchronization, resource allocation, scheduling, 
  fault tolerance, security.
* Real-time algorithms and infrastructure support for decentralized architectures 
  including distributed ledgers with a focus on scalability and resilience.
* Applications: Medical devices, intelligent transportation systems, Industrial 
  automation systems and Industry 4.0, Internet of Things and Smart Grids, 
  Embedded systems (automotive, avionics, consumer electronics, building 
  systems, sensors, etc.), multimedia processing, RT Web-based applications.						
* System evaluation: performance analysis, monitoring & timing, dependability, 
  end-to-end QoS, overhead, fault detection and recovery time.				
* Cyber-physical and Cyber-social systems (e.g. social media analytics)

Submission guidelines:
--------------------------
IEEE ISORC 2018 invites papers in three categories.				
							
1) Regular Research Papers: Papers should describe original work and be 
   maximum 8 pages in length using the IEEE paper format. 
   A maximum of two extra pages may be purchased.							
2) Industrial Papers and Practitioner Reports: Papers describing experiences 
   of using ORC technology in application or tool development projects, 
   are an integral part of the technical program of ISORC. 
   A majority of these papers are expected to be shorter and less formal than 
   research papers. They should clearly identify and discuss in detail the issues 
   that represent notable industrial advances. Reports with project metrics 
   supporting their claims are particularly sought, as well as those that show both 
   benefits and drawbacks of the approaches used in the given project.			
3) Short Papers: Short research papers, 4 pages or less using the IEEE format, 
   on real-time analytics are also invited, and should contain enough information 
   for the program committee to understand the scope of the project and evaluate 
   the novelty of the problem or approach.

Best papers from ISORC 2018 will be invited for submission to a Special Issue 
of Journal of Systems Architecture. The  special issue will be open to general
 submissions as well. The call for paper is available at https://www.journals.elsevier.com/journal-of-systems-architecture/call-for-papers/special-issues-on-international-symposium-on-real-time-compu. 
					
All accepted submissions will appear in the proceedings published by IEEE. 
Each accepted paper shall be accompanied by at least one non student conference registration.

Organizing Committee
---------------------		
Arvind Easwaran, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore
Paul Townend, University of Leeds, UK
Joel Sherill, OAR Corporation, USA		
Marisol Garcia-Valls, Universidad Carlos III de Madrid, Spain
Abhishek Dubey, Vanderbilt University, USA
Qixin Wang, The Hong Kong Polytechnic University, Hong Kong SAR, China
Rui Tan, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore
Sidharta Andalam, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore
Uwe Brinkschulte, Goethe University Frankfurt am Main, Germany 
Rob Pettit, The Aerospace Corporation, USA

